docs(tip-1036): T2 meta TIP (#3205)
tempoxyz/tempo: tips/tip-1036.md

---
id: TIP-1036
title: T2 Hardfork Bug Fixes
description: Meta TIP collecting all audit-driven bug fixes and hardening changes gated behind the T2 hardfork.
authors: Tanishk (@legion2002), Rusowsky (@0xrusowsky), Fgimenez (@fgimenez), Jennifer (@jenpaff), Howy (@howydev), Kitsune (@0xKitsune)
status: In Review
related: N/A
protocolVersion: T2
---

# TIP-1036: T2 Hardfork Bug Fixes

## Abstract

> This is a meta TIP that collects all audit-driven bug fixes, security hardening, and minor correctness improvements gated behind the T2 hardfork activation. Each change was identified through the Cyclops audit engagement or internal review and is individually small, but together they form the complete set of state-function-breaking fixes shipping in T2.

Reviewer: isn't "Cyclops audit engagement" kinda weird wording?

## Motivation

> During the Cyclops audit cycle (SIGP + in-house reviews), several issues were identified across precompiles, the transaction pool, fee handling, and the account keychain. Individually these fixes do not warrant standalone TIPs, but they must be documented together as they collectively define the T2 STF delta beyond feature TIPs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During the internal and external audits, the following improvements were added across precompiles, the transaction pool, fee handling, and the account keychain. 
```
